Readme.MD, before:

Hi ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18350557/176309783-0785949b-9127-417c-8b55-ab5a4333674e.gif) My name is Nahid
==============================================================================================================================

Django Developer and DevOps Engineer.
-------------------------------------

Aspiring Python Developer with a background in IT support and a strong foundation in backend development using Django, FastAPI, and MySQL. Transitioning from 3+ years of experience in systems and network support to software development with a passion for clean code, scalable APIs, and automation. Proficient in troubleshooting network security and infrastructure management across Windows, OS, and Linux.

*   🌍  I'm based in Dhaka, Bangladesh
*   🖥️  See my portfolio at [Nahid's Portfolio](http://nhriyaad.pythonanywhere.com)
*   ✉️  You can contact me at [nhriyaad@gmail.com](mailto:nhriyaad@gmail.com)
*   👥  I'm looking to collaborate on Any Interesting Project
*   💬  Ask me about Tech 
<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left">
  <a href="https://www.arduino.cc/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/arduino-colored.svg" alt="Arduino" title="Arduino" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="AWS" title="AWS" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/gnubash-colored.svg" alt="GNU Bash" title="GNU Bash" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS/#css" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/css3-colored.svg" alt="CSS3" title="CSS3" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.djangoproject.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/django-colored-dark.svg" alt="Django" title="Django" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/docker-colored.svg" alt="Docker" title="Docker" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/fastapi-colored.svg" alt="FastAPI" title="FastAPI" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://flask.palletsprojects.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pocoo_flask/pocoo_flask-icon.svg" alt="Flask" title="Flask" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/git-colored.svg" alt="Git" title="Git" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTML5" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/html5-colored.svg" alt="HTML5" title="HTML5" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://kubernetes.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/kubernetes-colored.svg" alt="Kubernetes" title="Kubernetes" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.linux.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/linux-colored.svg" alt="Linux" title="Linux" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/mongodb-colored.svg" alt="MongoDB" title="MongoDB" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/mysql-colored.svg" alt="MySQL" title="MySQL" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.postgresql.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/postgresql-colored.svg" alt="PostgreSQL" title="PostgreSQL" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="Postman" title="Postman" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/python-colored.svg" alt="Python" title="Python" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="Tailwind CSS" title="Tailwind CSS" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://ubuntu.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/ubuntu-colored.svg" alt="Ubuntu" title="Ubuntu" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://code.visualstudio.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/visualstudiocode-colored.svg" alt="VS Code" title="VS Code" width="36" height="36" /></a>
</p>

## 🌐 Socials

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://twitter.com/r1riyad" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="r1riyad" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/nhriyaad" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="nhriyaad" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/nh.r1y4d" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/youtube.svg" alt="nh.r1y4d" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://github.com/nahidn4p">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=nahidn4p&show_icons=true&count_private=true&title_color=0891b2&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=0891b2&bg_color=1c1917&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Stats">
  </a>
</p>

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://git.io/streak-stats"><img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=nahidn4p&theme=dark" alt="GitHub Streak" /></a>
</p>

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://github.com/nahidn4p">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=nahidn4p&langs_count=8&title_color=0891b2&text_color=ffffff&bg_color=1c1917&hide_border=true&locale=en&custom_title=Top%20Languages" alt="Top Languages">
  </a>
</p>

Commit message:

Revise Readme with updated profile information
Updated personal introduction and professional background in Readme.MD.

Readme.MD, after:

Hi ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18350557/176309783-0785949b-9127-417c-8b55-ab5a4333674e.gif) My name is Nahid
==============================================================================================================================

### Hi there 👋, I'm [Your Name]

**Aspiring Python Developer | Django Backend Specialist | DevOps Engineer**

Transitioning from 3+ years in IT systems and network support to full-stack software development, with a strong focus on building scalable, secure backend solutions.

Passionate about crafting clean, efficient code and automating infrastructure for reliable deployments. Experienced in designing RESTful APIs, managing databases, and orchestrating containerized environments.

- 🔭 Currently deepening expertise in **Django**, **FastAPI**, and **Python** for robust web applications  
- 🌱 Exploring advanced **DevOps practices**: CI/CD pipelines, cloud infrastructure (AWS), and automation scripting  
- 👨‍💻 Proficient in troubleshooting, network security, and managing multi-platform environments (Linux, Ubuntu, Windows)  
- ⚡ Fun fact: I love turning complex infrastructure challenges into streamlined, automated solutions  

💬 Let's connect on building scalable APIs, containerized deployments, or Python-powered automation!


*   🌍  I'm based in Dhaka, Bangladesh
*   🖥️  See my portfolio at [Nahid's Portfolio](http://nhriyaad.pythonanywhere.com)
*   ✉️  You can contact me at [nhriyaad@gmail.com](mailto:nhriyaad@gmail.com)
*   👥  I'm looking to collaborate on Any Interesting Project
*   💬  Ask me about Tech 
<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left">
  <a href="https://www.arduino.cc/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/arduino-colored.svg" alt="Arduino" title="Arduino" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="AWS" title="AWS" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/gnubash-colored.svg" alt="GNU Bash" title="GNU Bash" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS/#css" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/css3-colored.svg" alt="CSS3" title="CSS3" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.djangoproject.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/django-colored-dark.svg" alt="Django" title="Django" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/docker-colored.svg" alt="Docker" title="Docker" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/fastapi-colored.svg" alt="FastAPI" title="FastAPI" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://flask.palletsprojects.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pocoo_flask/pocoo_flask-icon.svg" alt="Flask" title="Flask" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/git-colored.svg" alt="Git" title="Git" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTML5" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/html5-colored.svg" alt="HTML5" title="HTML5" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://kubernetes.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/kubernetes-colored.svg" alt="Kubernetes" title="Kubernetes" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.linux.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/linux-colored.svg" alt="Linux" title="Linux" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/mongodb-colored.svg" alt="MongoDB" title="MongoDB" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/mysql-colored.svg" alt="MySQL" title="MySQL" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.postgresql.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/postgresql-colored.svg" alt="PostgreSQL" title="PostgreSQL" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="Postman" title="Postman" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/python-colored.svg" alt="Python" title="Python" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="Tailwind CSS" title="Tailwind CSS" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://ubuntu.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/ubuntu-colored.svg" alt="Ubuntu" title="Ubuntu" width="36" height="36" /></a>
  <a href="https://code.visualstudio.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/visualstudiocode-colored.svg" alt="VS Code" title="VS Code" width="36" height="36" /></a>
</p>

## 🌐 Socials

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://twitter.com/r1riyad" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="r1riyad" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/nhriyaad" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="nhriyaad" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/nh.r1y4d" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/youtube.svg" alt="nh.r1y4d" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://github.com/nahidn4p">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=nahidn4p&show_icons=true&count_private=true&title_color=0891b2&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=0891b2&bg_color=1c1917&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Stats">
  </a>
</p>

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://git.io/streak-stats"><img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=nahidn4p&theme=dark" alt="GitHub Streak" /></a>
</p>

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://github.com/nahidn4p">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=nahidn4p&langs_count=8&title_color=0891b2&text_color=ffffff&bg_color=1c1917&hide_border=true&locale=en&custom_title=Top%20Languages" alt="Top Languages">
  </a>
</p>
